README.md, before:

# Transducers Direct BLE

[![hacs_badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/HACS-Default-41BDF5.svg)](https://github.com/hacs/integration)
[![Validation hassfest](https://github.com/rabits/ha-td-ble/actions/workflows/validate-hassfest.yaml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/rabits/ha-td-ble/actions/workflows/validate-hassfest.yaml)
[![Validation HACS](https://github.com/rabits/ha-td-ble/actions/workflows/validate-hacs.yaml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/rabits/ha-td-ble/actions/workflows/validate-hacs.yaml)

Unofficial Transducers Direct BLE devices Home Assistant integration will allow you to communicate
with a BLE devices through bluetooth and monitor the status.

Recognized devices:
* [TDWLB-LC-RPPF - Wireless Bluetooth Pressure Transducer](https://transducersdirect.com/products/pressure-transducers/wireless-pressure-transducers/tdwlb-lc-rppf-wireless-pressure-gauge-pool-filters-pumps/)

## WARNING: Support & Warranty

Sorry, limited support and no warranty - you on your own and I take no responsibility for any of
your actions. So make sure you know what you doing for each and every step - otherwise you can't
use the provided information in this repository or integration.

In case you see some issues with your device after using this integration - Transducers Direct
support could be unable to help you. Author of the integration is not related to Transducers Direct
anyhow and they can't support anything you will find here.

## Usage

Install the integration as custom_component and it will automatically find the supported devices.

Please refer to the wiki page to find more info: https://github.com/rabits/ha-td-ble/wiki

## Funding

Work on this integration was funded by a member of community.home-assistant.io forum. Thank you!

Commit message:

Switched to persistent connection and so far works well

README.md, after:

# Transducers Direct BLE

[![hacs_badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/HACS-Default-41BDF5.svg)](https://github.com/hacs/integration)
[![Validation hassfest](https://github.com/rabits/ha-td-ble/actions/workflows/validate-hassfest.yaml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/rabits/ha-td-ble/actions/workflows/validate-hassfest.yaml)
[![Validation HACS](https://github.com/rabits/ha-td-ble/actions/workflows/validate-hacs.yaml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/rabits/ha-td-ble/actions/workflows/validate-hacs.yaml)

Unofficial Transducers Direct BLE devices Home Assistant integration will allow you to communicate
with a BLE devices through bluetooth and monitor the status.

Recognized devices:
* [TDWLB-LC-RPPF - Wireless Bluetooth Pressure Transducer](https://transducersdirect.com/products/pressure-transducers/wireless-pressure-transducers/tdwlb-lc-rppf-wireless-pressure-gauge-pool-filters-pumps/)

## WARNING: Support & Warranty

Sorry, limited support and no warranty - you on your own and I take no responsibility for any of
your actions. So make sure you know what you doing for each and every step - otherwise you can't
use the provided information or integration from this repository.

In case you see some issues with your device after using this integration - Transducers Direct
support could be unable to help you. Author of the integration is not related to Transducers Direct
anyhow and they can't support anything you will find here.

## Usage

Install the integration as custom_component and it will automatically find the supported devices.

Please refer to the wiki page to find more info: https://github.com/rabits/ha-td-ble/wiki

## Funding

Work on this integration was funded by a member of community.home-assistant.io forum. Thank you!

## Side notes

During initial phase we quickly figured out that regular approach of polling the device will not
work, because device was very unresponsive to gatt reads, connections and eventually become
unavailable to connection for some reason. So we switched to persistent connection, although that
could lead to quicker battery drain.
